Note: see LICENSE_usgov.txt for Government Purpose Rights license info.

-----

Pharos Static Analysis Tools
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

BY CHECKING THE BOXES BELOW OR BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THE
TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, DO NOT
CHECK THE BOXES BELOW AND YOU MAY NOT USE OR INSTALL THE SOFTWARE.

This is a license agreement ("Agreement") between your company (if being
installed and used at a company) or self (if being installed and used by an
individual) (the user is called "Licensee" or "You" in this Agreement) and
Carnegie Mellon University, having an address of 4500 Fifth Avenue,
Pittsburgh, PA 15213 (called "Licensor" in this Agreement).  All rights not
specifically granted to You in this Agreement are reserved to Licensor.

RESERVATION OF OWNERSHIP AND GRANT OF LICENSE: Licensor retains exclusive
ownership of any copy of the Software (as defined below) licensed under this
Agreement and hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable
license to use the Software, without the right to sublicense, as further
described in this Agreement.  From the date of receipt, Licensee agrees to use
its best efforts to protect the Software from unauthorized use, reproduction,
distribution, or publication.

As used in this Agreement, the term "Software" means all or any
portion of the code (including but not limited to source code) made
accessible to Licensee by Licensor pursuant to this Agreement,
commonly referred to as the "Pharos Static Analysis Tools".

It also includes any and all documentation and instructions related to it that
are provided or made available to you.

PERMITTED USES: The Software may be used only for your own internal purposes
consistent with this Agreement.  You may modify and create derivatives of the
Software (the "Derivatives"), but you hereby assign to Carnegie Mellon any and
all rights in such Derivatives and you agree that you will only use those
Derivatives with the Software and consistent with the license rights granted
in this Agreement.

You agree to promptly provide a copy of any Derivatives to Licensor.

USES NOT PERMITTED: You may not sell, rent, lease, sublicense, lend,
time-share or transfer, or provide third parties access to, any or all of the
Software and/or any Derivatives made by you.

You are not granted any trademark license as part of this Agreement
and may not use any names or trademarks of Licensor, including without
limitation the name or mark "Pharos Static Analysis Tools", "Carnegie
Mellon," "SEI," or any renditions thereof without the prior written
permission of Licensor.

FEEDBACK: It is anticipated that you will provide suggestions and/or feedback
regarding the Software.  You agree that Licensor may make use of any of your
feedback and/or suggestions and that you are not entitled to any compensation
related thereto.

CONFIDENTIALITY: You acknowledge that the Software provided under this
Agreement is considered the confidential information of Licensor, you agree to
keep the Software confidential and to use the Software only in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement.

COPYRIGHT: The Software was developed by Carnegie Mellon University Software
Engineering Institute and is protected by United States copyright laws and
applicable international treaties and/or conventions.

BACKUPS: If Licensee is an organization, it may make that number of copies of
the Software necessary for internal use at a single site within its
organization provided that all information appearing in or on the original
labels, including this License, is copied onto the labels of the copies.

ASSIGNMENT: You may not assign this Agreement or your rights hereunder without
the prior written consent of Licensor. Any attempted assignment without such
consent shall be null and void.

TERM: The term of the license granted by this Agreement commences upon
Licensee's acceptance of this Agreement by clicking "I Agree" below for a
period of two (2) years.

The Agreement automatically terminates without notice if you fail to comply
with any provision of this Agreement.  Licensee may also terminate this
Agreement by ceasing to use the Software.  Upon any termination of this
Agreement, Licensee will delete any and all copies of the Software. The
parties hereby agree that all provisions which operate to protect the
proprietary rights of Licensor shall remain in force should breach occur and
that the obligation of confidentiality described in this Agreement is binding
in perpetuity and, as such, survives the term of the Agreement.

FEE: Provided Licensee abides completely by the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, there is no fee due to Carnegie Mellon for Licensee's use of the
Software in accordance with this Agreement.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES: THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF PERFORMANCE OR MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE OR OF NON-INFRINGEMENT.  LICENSEE BEARS ALL
RISK RELATING TO QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE AND RELATED
MATERIALS.

EXCLUSIVE REMEDY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: To the maximum extent permitted
under applicable law, Licensor shall not be liable for any damages or lost
profits related to Licensee's use of and/or inability to use the Software,
even if Licensor is advised of the possibility of such damage.  Licensee's
sole remedy under this Agreement is to cease using the Software.

SUPPORT AND MAINTENANCE: No Software support or training by the Licensor is
provided as part of this Agreement.

SEVERABILITY: If any provision(s) of this Agreement shall be held to be
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable by a court or other tribunal of competent
jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

NO IMPLIED WAIVERS: No failure or delay by Licensor in enforcing any right or
remedy under this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any future or
other exercise of such right or remedy by Licensor.

GOVERNING LAW & DISPUTES: All claims and/or controversies of every kind and
nature arising out of or relating to this AGREEMENT, including any questions
concerning its existence, negotiation, validity, meaning, performance,
non-performance, breach, continuance or termination shall be settled (1) at
LICENSOR's election, by binding arbitration administered by the American
Arbitration Association ("AAA") in accordance with its Commercial Arbitration
Rules and, in such case (a) the arbitration proceedings shall be conducted
before a panel of three arbitrators, with each party selecting one
disinterested arbitrator from a list submitted by the AAA and the two
disinterested arbitrators selecting a third arbitrator from the list, (b) each
party shall bear its own costs of arbitration, (c) all arbitration hearings
shall be conducted in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, and (d) the provisions
hereof shall be a complete defense to any suit, action or proceeding
instituted in any Federal, state or local court or before any administrative
tribunal with respect to any claim or controversy arising out of or relating
to this AGREEMENT and which is arbitrable as provided in this AGREEMENT,
provided that either party may seek injunctive relief in a court of law or
equity to asset, protect or enforce its rights in any intellectual property
and/or confidential or proprietary information as described in this AGREEMENT,
or (2) in the event that LICENSOR does not elect binding arbitration as
permitted in point (1) above, exclusively in the United States District Court
for the Western District of Pennsylvania or, if such Court does not have
jurisdiction, in any court of general jurisdiction in Allegheny County,
Pennsylvania and each party consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of any such
courts and waives any objection which such party may have to the laying of
venue in any such courts.

EXPORT: LICENSEE agrees to comply with any and all applicable U.S. export
control laws, regulations, and/or other laws related to embargoes and sanction
programs administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control with respect to
its use of the SOFTWARE.

GOVERNMENT RIGHTS: This Software was created in the performance of Federal
Government Contract Number FA8721-05-C-0003 with Carnegie Mellon University
for the operation of the Software Engineering Institute, a federally funded
research and development center. The Government of the United States has a
royalty-free government-purpose license to use, duplicate, or disclose the
Software, in whole or in part and in any manner, and to have or permit others
to do so, for government purposes pursuant to the copyright license under
Federal Acquisition Regulation 252.227-7013.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT: This Agreement constitutes the sole and entire agreement of
the parties as to the matter set forth herein and supersedes any previous
agreements, understandings, and arrangements between the parties relating
hereto.

DM-0003063
